Pre-Quiz

	Hello! And welcome to our quick lesson on Trade Finance on the Blockchain. 

	In this short session, we will be learning about how blockchain technology can revolutionise the Trade Finance Process, and how Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) can help legacy systems adapt to distruptive technology. 

	Here, we will take you through a typical Trade Finance Scenario, through which a shipment of goods is requested for, shipped, and collected.  


	-Picture-

	But first, we're going to give you an introductory quiz to see how much you know about SOA architecture, and trade finance. 

	(Quick note : All the quizzes are timed, so the quicker you could answer a question, the more points you could score!)


	Quiz: ask all qns.




Create Stage 

	Creating a letter of credit,  

		In a trade finance process, importers and exporters first agree on a trade contract on a shipment of goods. 
		
		Once a deal has been reached, the Importer will establish a line of credit with his bank to finance this transaction, commonly referred to as a Letter of Credit (LC) .


	What is a Letter of Credit? 

		A letter of credit is a contract issued by a bank to another bank (especially one in a different country) to serve as a guarantee for payments made to a specified person under specified conditions.

	Introduction to the Blockchain

		The Blockchain allows for all smart contracts to be created, updated and modified, by all parties on the distributed ledger (think of it as a Google Docs, for financial contracts). The Smart Contracts on the network will then be validated and enforced by the Blockchain. The trade finance system that you are using right now, is based on the Ethereum Blockchain, and all Letters of Credit on the chain are facilitated through Smart Contracts. 


	Introduction distruptive state of things.

		As disruptive technological advancements such as the blockchain start to take, it becomes increasingly important that incumbent players in the financial industry keep their enterprise architecture agile. With an SOA architecture, as discussed in the last lesson. 

	Quiz: 99 , 100, 105





Amendments Request 

	Amendments Request : 

		As with a regular trade finance process, all parties to the contract will have to approve the transaction before it is executed. 

		With Smart Contracts, banks could automate their approval process, allowing for a more seemless negotiation process between the Importer, and exporter. 

		Here, you (an Exporter) are requesting for an amendment to the LC, which can legally only be done by the Importer.


	What is a Smart Contract? : 

		A smart contract is a computer protocol intended to digitally facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or performance of a contract. Smart contracts allow the performance of credible transactions without third parties. These transactions are trackable and irreversible. Smart contracts were first proposed by Nick Szabo, who coined the term, in 1994.




	Quiz: 101, 102 , 




LC Modifications

	Overcoming barriers of entry through Open API.

		The strength of an Service-Oriented Architecture would be that the functionality of an existing system can be called, and integrated into newer services, such as ones backed by a blockchain. 

		To demonstrate this, the button below will call an exposed service endpoint which will create a new Letter of Credit on a legacy database, put that same Letter of Credit on a blockchain backed smart contract, and return the block that has been mined of this smart contract. 

		-modify contract- 

		This way, we would be able to integrate both the bank's trade finance services, and interbank blockchain backed services.


	Quiz: 105




Upload BOL 

	Shipment of goods 
		In a traditional Trade Finance Process, the exporter will have to prepare the following documents for presentation to his bank:

			Invoice for payment
			
			Commercial documents at port of origin (Packing list, Cert of inspection/origin, Insurance)
			
			Transport documents (Airway Bill, Bill of Lading, Rail/Road Consignment note)
			
			Financial documents (Bill of Exchange, Promissory note, Letters of Credit)

		However, with the advent of blockchain technology, transport documents, and other commercial documents will be uploaded to, and verified by the blockchain without the need for a traditional document presentation process. Upon sending the goods for shipment, the Shipper upload to the Blockchain, the Bill of Lading.


	What is a Bill-of-Lading? 

		A document issued by a carrier to a shipper of goods. It is a negotiable instrument, and it serves three purposes:

			it is a receipt for the goods shipped;
			it evidences the contract of carriage; and
			it serves as a document of title (i.e. ownership).

	Quiz: 




Collect Goods. 

	IoT integration of the Blockchain. 

		By exposing Blockchain services through an SOA Architecture, automated systems used by stakeholders external to the bank (such as the shipper) can then be integrated, allowing all parties to easily optimise their hardware systems and quickly adopt new software technologies. 


	Verification on the blockchian. 

		For each transaction, modification or update that happens on the blockchain, a new "block" would be created on the chain, which would then be verified across the network; and in doing so, produce a transaction hash. This new block be sync'd to all parties on the network, allowing everyone to have an updated copy of the contract.

		All parties can hence be confident that the contract that they are reading on the blockchain is fully verified, and up-to-date. 

		- New contract -
		- Read contract - 

		Notice that a new transaction hash is created each time the button is pressed, and the Block Height increments upwards, as new blocks are added to the chain. 

	

	Quiz: 

	Why should services be exposed 




